7
Sec. 507. Temporary increase in fiscal year percentage limitation for reduction
or waiver of service-in-grade requirement for general and flag
officers to be retired in pay grades O-7 and O-8.
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management
Sec. 511. Expansion of authority to waive limitations on release of reserves
from active duty within two years of retirement eligibility.
Sec. 512. Disestablishment of Navy Reserve Center system.
Sec. 513. National Guard personnel authorities.
Sec. 514. National Guard personnel disaster response duty.
Sec. 515. Treatment of funds received by National Guard Bureau as reimburse-
ment from States.
Sec. 516. Limitations applicable to the authority to transfer space functions of
the Air National Guard to the Space Force.
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Military Records
Sec. 521. Chief of Naval Personnel.
Sec. 522. Enhanced efficiency and service discretion for Disability Evaluation
System reviews.
Sec. 523. Technical correction related to convalescent leave for academy cadets
and midshipmen.
Sec. 524. Recognition of remotely piloted aircraft crew.
Subtitle D—Military Justice and Other Legal Matters
Sec. 531. Notification of military sex offenders at military installations.
Sec. 532. Quarterly reports on sexual assault prevention and response efforts.
Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, and Transition
Sec. 541. Military service academy nominations.
Sec. 542. Asynchronous instruction in distance education option for profes-
sional military education.
Sec. 543. Army University.
Sec. 544. Integration of the Secretary of Defense Strategic Thinkers Program.
Sec. 545. Improvements to information-sharing to support individuals retiring
or separating from the Armed Forces.
Sec. 546. Mandatory training on government ethics and national security law.
Sec. 547. Prohibition on consideration of race, sex, color, ethnicity, national ori-
gin, or religion in service academy admissions decisions.
Sec. 548. Prohibition on participation of males in athletic programs or activities
at the military service academies that are designated for
women or girls.
Sec. 549. Pathway for cadets and midshipmen to play professional sports.
Sec. 550. Factors for counseling pathways under Transition Assistance Pro-
gram.
Subtitle F—Military Family Readiness and Dependents’ Education
PART I—DEPENDENTS’ EDUCATION
Sec. 551. Certain assistance to local educational agencies that benefit depend-
ents of military and civilian personnel.
Sec. 552. Management of special education in schools operated by Department
of Defense Education Activity.
†S 2296 ES