8
Sec. 553. Enrollment of children of certain American Red Cross employees in
defense dependents’ education system.
Sec. 554. Regulations on the use of portable electronic mobile devices in De-
partment of Defense Education Activity schools.
Sec. 555. Administration of college admissions tests by the Department of De-
fense Education Activity.
Sec. 556. Support for expanding early child care options for members of the
Armed Forces and their families.
Sec. 557. Improved counseling and access to information relating to foster care
for military families.
Sec. 558. Pilot program on recruitment and retention of employees for child de-
velopment programs.
Sec. 559. Report on unmet need for child care in areas with significant popu-
lations of members of the Armed Forces.
PART II—OTHER MATTERS
Sec. 561. Legal assistance for guardianship transfers.
Subtitle G—Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps
Sec. 571. Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructor qualifications.
Sec. 572. Temporary authority to provide bonuses to Junior Reserve Officers’
Training Corps instructors.
Sec. 573. Number of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps units.
Subtitle H—Decorations and Other Awards, Miscellaneous Reports, and Other
Matters
Sec. 581. Honorary promotions on the initiative of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 582. National Week of Military Recruitment.
Sec. 583. Clarifying the calculation of enlistments for persons whose score on
the Armed Forces Qualification Test is below a prescribed level
for the future servicemember preparatory course.
Sec. 584. Recruiter access to secondary schools.
Sec. 585. Compliance with travel charge card deactivation requirements.
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances
Sec. 601. Modifications to calculation of basic allowance for subsistence for en-
listed members.
Sec. 602. Inclusion of descriptions of types of pay on pay statements.
Sec. 603. Increased awareness and improved calculation of rates for basic al-
lowance for housing.
Sec. 604. Military compensation educational campaign.
Subtitle B—Special and Incentive Pay
Sec. 611. Reviews of designations of imminent danger pay areas.
Sec. 612. Implementation of aviation incentive pay for members of reserve com-
ponents.
Sec. 613. Pilot program on improving retention of members with degrees in
their fields of specialty.
Subtitle C—Other Matters
†S 2296 ES