9
Sec. 621. Extension of enhanced authority for selective early retirement and
early discharges.
Sec. 622. Extension of temporary early retirement authority.
Sec. 623. Extension of authority to provide voluntary separation pay and bene-
fits.
Sec. 624. Designation of United States Army Garrison Kwajalein Atoll as re-
mote and isolated military installation.
Sec. 625. Designation of Creech Air Force Base as a remote or isolated instal-
lation.
Sec. 626. Provision of counseling on housing for members of the Armed Forces.
Sec. 627. Program to provide Government-funded transportation for certain
members of the Armed Forces stationed overseas.
Sec. 628. Prohibition on procurement and commissary sales of seafood origi-
nating or processed in the People’s Republic of China.
Sec. 629. Government Accountability Office study on casualty assistance and
long-term care programs.
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS
Subtitle A—TRICARE, Brain Health, and Other Health Care Benefits
Sec. 701. Inclusion of additional requirements in notifications to modify scope
of services provided at military medical treatment facilities.
Sec. 702. Expansion of eligibility for hearing aids to include children of retired
members of the Uniformed Services enrolled in family coverage
under TRICARE Select.
Sec. 703. Assessment of behavioral health and social health conditions of mili-
tary personnel and their families assigned to Creech Air Force
Base, Nevada.
Sec. 704. Authority to provide sexual assault medical forensic examinations on
a nonreimbursable basis to certain otherwise ineligible individ-
uals.
Sec. 705. Fertility treatment for certain members of the uniformed services and
dependents.
Sec. 706. Restriction on performance of sex change surgeries.
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration
Sec. 711. Codification of position of Director of the Defense Health Agency.
Sec. 712. Establishment of policies for priority assignment of medical personnel
of Department of Defense.
Sec. 713. Graduate medical education partnership demonstration program.
Sec. 714. Modification of administration of medical malpractice claims by mem-
bers of the uniformed services.
Sec. 715. Improvement of transition of medics in the Armed Forces to the civil-
ian workforce in health care occupations.
Sec. 716. Improvement of provider directory accuracy for specialty care pro-
viders under the TRICARE program.
Sec. 717. Review of disclosure requirements under processes and forms relating
to health care provider credentialing and privileging of Depart-
ment of Defense.
Sec. 718. Provision of health care services at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri.
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters
Sec. 721. Strategic infectious disease medical research plan.
†S 2296 ES