4
Sec. 143. Prohibition on certain reductions to inventory of E–3 airborne warn-
ing and control system aircraft.
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations.
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations
Sec. 211. Modifications to defense research capacity building program.
Sec. 212. Program for the enhancement of the research, development, test, and
evaluation centers of the Department of Defense.
Sec. 213. Extension of authority for assignment to Defense Advanced Research
Projects Agency of private sector personnel with critical re-
search and development expertise.
Sec. 214. Limitation on use of funds for certain Navy software.
Sec. 215. Limitation on availability of funds for Under Secretary of Defense for
Research and Engineering.
Sec. 216. Prohibition on contracts between certain foreign entities and institu-
tions of higher education conducting Department of Defense-
funded research.
Sec. 217. Western regional range complex demonstration.
Sec. 218. Modification of requirement for Department of Defense policies for
management and certification of Link 16 military tactical data
link network.
Sec. 219. Advanced robotic automation for munitions manufacturing.
Sec. 220. Dual-use and defense advanced manufacturing innovation hubs.
Sec. 220A. Advanced manufacturing and additive manufacturing programs.
Sec. 220B. Improvements relating to advanced manufacturing.
Sec. 220C. Limitation on availability of funds for fundamental research collabo-
ration with certain academic institutions.
Subtitle C—Plans, Reports, and Other Matters
Sec. 221. Catalyst Pathfinder Program.
Sec. 222. Extension of period for annual reports on critical technology areas
supportive of the National Defense Strategy.
Sec. 223. Evaluation of additional test corridors for hypersonic and long-range
weapons.
Sec. 224. Technical correction.
Sec. 225. Congressionally directed programs for test and evaluation oversight.
Sec. 226. Prohibition on modification of indirect cost rates for institutions of
higher education and nonprofit organizations.
Sec. 227. Enhance international coordination for advanced manufacturing tech-
niques, technologies, and adoption.
Subtitle D—Biotechnology
Sec. 231. Biotechnology Management Office.
Sec. 232. Department of Defense biotechnology strategy.
Sec. 233. Defining guidelines and policies on the use of biotechnology for the
Armed Forces.
Sec. 234. Enhancement of international biodefense capacity.
TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE
†S 2296 ES