6
Subtitle E—Other Matters
Sec. 341. Provision of sports foods and third-party certified dietary supple-
ments to members of the United States Special Operations
Command.
Sec. 342. Limitation on use of funds to establish or expand Space Force Spe-
cial Operations Component Command.
Sec. 343. Requirements for contracts relating to permanent change of station
moving process.
Sec. 344. Limitation on transformation by the Army of primary helicopter
training program at Fort Rucker, Alabama.
Sec. 345. Conveyance of certain aircraft from Air Force to Arizona Aviation
Historical Group, Phoenix, Arizona.
Sec. 346. Limitation on use of funds by the Army until submittal of plan to
integrate Joint Munitions Command and Army Sustainment
Command.
Sec. 347. Limitation on use of certain funds of the Air Force until acquisition
strategy submitted to maintain Airborne Command Post capa-
bility.
Sec. 348. Pilot program for contracted amphibious air resources for the area
of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command.
Sec. 349. Naming of certain assets of the Department of Defense in the Com-
monwealth of Virginia.
Sec. 350. Modification of protection of certain facilities and assets from incur-
sions.
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS
Subtitle A—Active Forces
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces.
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces
Sec. 411. End strengths for selected reserve.
Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves.
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status).
Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active
duty for operational support.
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations
Sec. 421. Military personnel.
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy
Sec. 501. Statutory adjustment to reflect transfer of certain general officer bil-
lets from the Air Force to the Space Force.
Sec. 502. Notice of removal of Judge Advocates General.
Sec. 503. Qualifications for judge advocates.
Sec. 504. Modification of waiver authority related to joint qualified officer re-
quirement prior to promotion to general or flag grade.
Sec. 505. Notification of removal of officers from selection board reports and
promotion lists.
Sec. 506. Space Force general officer management.
†S 2296 ES