5
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations.
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment
Sec. 311. Department of Defense guidelines regarding implementation of the
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969.
Sec. 312. Requirement to support training on wildfire prevention and response.
Sec. 313. Use of solid waste disposal systems by Department of Defense.
Sec. 314. Modification of availability and use of energy cost savings.
Sec. 315. Authority of Department of Defense to destroy or dispose of
perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 316. Modification to restriction on procurement or purchasing of personal
protective equipment for firefighters containing perfluoroalkyl
substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Sec. 317. Provision of bottled water to communities with private drinking water
contaminated with perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl sub-
stances from activities of Department of Defense.
Sec. 318. Repeal of prohibition on procurement by Department of Defense of
certain items containing perfluorooctane sulfonate or
perfluorooctanoic acid.
Sec. 319. Repeal of temporary moratorium on incineration by Department of
Defense of perfluoroalkyl substances, polyfluoroalkyl sub-
stances, and aqueous film forming foam.
Sec. 320. Interim responses to address releases or threatened releases of
perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances.
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment
Sec. 321. Surface ship sustainment and readiness.
Sec. 322. Technology enhancement for surface ship maintenance.
Sec. 323. Delegation to United States Transportation Command of mitigating
vulnerabilities and risks associated with contested logistics for
Department of Defense.
Sec. 324. Requirements for Department of Defense aircraft operations near
commercial airports.
Sec. 325. Extension and modification of semiannual briefings on operational
status of amphibious warship fleet.
Sec. 326. Prohibition on closure of Army organic industrial base sites.
Sec. 327. Establishment of Defense Personal Property Management Office
under Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel
and Readiness.
Sec. 328. Integration of commercially available artificial intelligence capabilities
into logistics operations.
Sec. 329. Pilot program on arsenal workload sustainment.
Subtitle D—Reports
Sec. 331. Modification of report on improved oversight for implementation of
Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program of the Navy.
Sec. 332. Modification of readiness report to include summary count of certain
mishaps.
Sec. 333. Annual report on funding and status of interim remedial actions of
Department of Defense relating to perfluoroalkyl and
polyfluoroalkyl substances.
†S 2296 ES